hi there thank you once again for
booking through cruise Republic I hope
you were all excited about your
up-and-coming cruise here are just a few
easy steps to help you get you through
your cruise person Eliza after you have
paid your deposit you'll receive an
email from us with instructions and a
link to complete your cruise person
Eliza before clicking on the link please
take note of your Pinoy booking number
this number will start with the six
click on the link that will bring up the
piano website you will see the words
cruise person Eliza in big blue letters
at the top of the page please tick the
box to accept the piano terms and
conditions at the top of the page and
click on the orange button launch cruise
person Eliza you will now see the log in
screen please into your first name your
surname and your piano booking number it
does not matter if you enter the
information in capitals or lowercase but
please ensure your first and last names
are spelled exactly as per your
passports you are now in the cruise
person Eliza you will see summary on
your screen and underneath that in blue
text are all passengers names in your
cabin please complete all areas that say
incomplete next to them don't worry
about insurance details to enter into
your passport details you need to go to
the top left hand side of your screen
and look under update please click on
your passport this will bring up the
area where you need to enter passport
details for passenger one on your
booking you must have at least six
months validity on your passport once
you have entered all the information
please click the save and continue
button this will take you back to the
summary screen to enter details for
passengers 2 3 & 4 please click on your
passport again then at the top right
hand corner of your screen it will show
that other passengers on your booking
this is where you select the next
passenger after each passengers details
have been entered please select save and
continue if you're an Australian
passport holder and are doing a domestic
Australian cruise and are not entering
an international port you will only need
to bring a form of government-issued
photo identification
such as a driver's license therefore you
are not required to complete your
passport details please then complete
the emergency contact information please
make sure you leave out any hyphens
commas or brackets from the address and
telephone number an example of how to
complete correctly is on your screen now
before the passengers in your booking
have the same emergency contact details
then please select all and then save and
continue if everyone has different
emergency contact information please
make sure you have entered these in
separately for the remaining passengers
on the booking after you have completed
the required information and if you have
done everything correctly the summary
page will show complete next to all the
details once everyone's details have
been completed and you're inside 70 days
from cruise departure please wait 5
working days for your tickets to be
ready we will email you your ticket once
they have been released finally if you
are wanting to pre reserved a shore
excursion you can find this by clicking
on the shore exports on the left-hand
side of your screen this will bring up
the ports on your itinerary and you can
click on each port to view what your
excursions are available to pre book
prices are in Australian dollars and the
excursions will be charged to your
shipboard account when you're on board
have a safe trip from the team at cruise
Republic